[MAIN-208] Semantle battle tournament announcement (#54)
turnbasedgames/urturn: docs/blog/2022-11-01-semantle-tournament/index.md

---
slug: Semantle Battle Tournament
title: Semantle Battle Tournament (11/5/2022)
authors: [kevo1ution, sarahannali, yquansah]
tags: [semantle-battle, semantle, tournament, game]
---

### What

> - Semantle Battle is a spin off the original semantle game where you pick a secret, the other player picks a secret and the person who guesses the secret before the other player wins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Semantle Battle is a spin off of the original semantle game where two players pick secrets for one another to guess. The player who guesses the secret first wins.
```
